add option to reuse previously auto-generated cert (#936)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-operator/UPGRADING.md

# Upgrade guidelines

## <0.42.1 to 0.42.1

A type of flag `autoGenerateCert` has been changed, now it is an object with two attributes `enabled` and `recreate`.

> If you previously set `autoGenerateCert` to `true` or `false` you have to set `autoGenerateCert.enabled` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you previously set `autoGenerateCert=true`, no changes need. Otherwise, set `autoGenerateCert.enabled=false`.
In addition, you can use `autoGenerateCert.recreate` to decide whether to regenerate the cert or not.
```

Author: true is a default value, but if someone explicitly set it, upgrading chart will fail too...

```
helm upgrade my-test open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator --install --set admissionWebhooks.autoGenerateCert=true

helm upgrade  my-test . --install --reuse-values

- admissionWebhooks.autoGenerateCert: Invalid type. Expected: object, given: boolean
```

setting the same value as a default value is not common so we can ignore it, right?

Reviewer 2: Setting the default value is not common, but some users do choose to include the whole values.yaml file in their config. I like your original text that references both values.
